📖 Add doc related to log level (#866)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-openstack: docs/book/src/clusteropenstack/configuration.md

# Optional Configuration

## Log level

> If with `--v=6` the gophercloud client would log it's requests. This would really help during debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running CAPO with `--v=6` the gophercloud client logs it's request to the OpenStack  API. This can be really helpful during debugging.
```
